All right.
In the last section we have completed creating the header section of the home page.
In this section, we're going to create the search box section in the middle of the home page.
As you can see, we have a Google logo here at the top.
Then we have.
A search box.
And also we have two buttons saying Google search.
And also I'm feeling lucky.
So in the search box, we can just write down our keywords.
And when we press enter.
For example, I write down nice.
And if I press enter, this is going to redirect me to another page, which is in the search for slash
web.
And then we have the search term at a top saying nice.
And also so this is going to redirect you this way.
So this one happens by pressing enter or also if you click on this button, does the same way that we
press enter.
So we're going to add the submit button here.
And also we create this behavior.
When we press enter, we're going to submit the form as well.
And also we have another button which is saying, I'm feeling lucky when we click on this one.
Just pay attention.
It.
It's going to have a spanner in the middle until we get the random word.
So we have we we need to add this spanner and this is going to redirect us to the same page search web
search term, the the term that is created.
So we're going to learn how to create these random words and also how to redirect person to the different
page and also how to add these forms.
And also in this section, we're going to learn what's the difference between the client side and the
server side because.
As we are using the form here with the UN Submit event listener and also on click event listener here,
we cannot use these components in server side as the rule rules of next JS.
So we need to separate these inputs and also these buttons, and we create them as a client side.
So I'm going to show you how to do it.
So let's go back to Visual Studio Code, and we're going to add this section inside the page that Gsx.
Here.
As you can see, we just have the home header for now.
So I'm going to have the body section here.
So I'm going to just say body.
So that was the header.
Let's add this on to.
It's just right down here.
So we have the header.
And body, then the footer is going to be inside the layout.
So the body is going to be a div.
With, uh, two things an image and the home search.
So I'm going to have an image tag.
So the image we want to use is the image tag from next forward slash image, because we want our image
to be optimized.
Next year gives us the ability to optimize our image in different sizes.
For example, if someone is watching our website inside his mobile.
It's going to see the lower quality of the image, which helps them to see the website faster.
So this is the image tag features of next year.
This is coming from next photo slash image.
So this image has its a closing tag.
So let's close this one.
And this image tag has some things like width and height, and these are mandatory.
We need to use it.
So the width I'm going to use for the image.
Let's find the image first.
So let's add this one.
So we have the width and the height.
Uh, the height I want to use is 100.
So before the source, I want to search for something inside Google, for example, I search Google.
And I inside the image part.
I want to find an image with the.
Transparent background.
So I go to tools, color and transparent.
So this image is from Wikipedia.
I want to use this image so we can click on the image.
And here, right click and click on copy image address.
And we come back here and inside the CRC, we're going to add this link that we have copied.
This is which is from the Wikipedia.
Now, if you look at our website, we get an error saying that this is a upload that Wikipedia dot org
is not configured under image images in your next dot configs.
So we need to go to next conflicts and add this URL.
So this is the rule of next JS.
So we need to copy this and we go back to Visual Studio Code and we go to next conflicts and here after
the experimental, we can add that here.
So we're just going to say.
Domains.
And this domain stuff.
Firstly, first things first we need to say images, and then inside the images we add a set of curly
braces and add the domain.
As you can see, we get suggestions from.
Co uh, GitHub copilot.
But the, the address is going to be the Wikipedia that we have copied.
So when we have a change inside the config file, we need to restart the server to see the changes.
So find the change in next that configs restart the server to see the changes in effect.
So I'm going to stop the server here.
It started again using NPN run dev.
So now we should see our image inside the website.
So let's let's refresh the page.
So we see the image here now and the size is 300, 200.
So the things we want to do is to bring it to the center by just adding something here inside the div
that we have added.
So I'm going to change the display here to flex and as I want the image and the input to be on top of
each other, I change the flex to column and let's bring it to the center horizontally using item center.
And we can add some margin at a top of 24.
So now we should see the Google here.
Now I'm going to add the input at the bottom Here is the input, as I mentioned, is client size.
We're going to create another component separate for them so we can keep this page client side and we
can just have that part.
And so this we keep this page server side and we just change the component that we're going to add client
side.
So I'm going to add that one.
So I'm going to call that one home.
Search.
And we this we need to create it inside the components folder.
So we need to create this one.
I'm going to call it home Search dot Gsx.
Let's create it using RCV.
See?
And let's bring it inside here.
I'm going to close this one.
So let's order imported using contour space when we click here.
Uh, it's going to come from the components forward slash home search.
So we should see the home search here.
Now, let's.
Continue and create this place.
So inside the home search that gsx.
So we're going to have.
If form here for the return.
So instead of this year, I'm going to have a form or we can just put it inside an empty bracket so
we can add the form here.
So let's add a form.
So we don't need an action for this form.
And inside the form we're going to have some icons and answers and inputs.
So I'm going to show you in the final version.
So we have an icon, magnifier icon on the left side, and we have a mic icon on the right side.
So we're going to have these things here.
So I'm going to go to React Icons again.
So we're going to search, React icons.
So we have used the React icons for creating an icon in the header section.
So we're going to use it again for creating that search and the magnifier and the microphone.
So I'm going to search for search.
The one I want to use is this eye line search.
I'm going to click on it to copy it.
Let's come back here.
And inside the form I'm going to add that icon.
But we need to import it as well.
So I'm going to go at the top and just say import.
This icon from react to icons for slash I because this one is started with I.
We should see the magnifier now inside our website.
This is very small so we can just add some classes here.
So I'm going to add some class names.
This change the text to be ex large, the size of the icon to be ex large.
We change the colour of it to be gray.
For example, 500.
Then after that, we can just.
I'm going to add some margin at the right side of the tree.
After this icon, which we can see now here, we're going to have our inputs.
So I'm going to have an input.
The type would be text.
So I'm going to just press enter the type is text and.
So we need to add some things here to track the changes.
But for now we just leave it like that.
And after that, we're going to have.
In other.
Icon, which is a microphone icon.
So I'm going to search for microphone.
So I'm.
Just say, Mike.
And the one I want to use is B is Phil.
Mike?
Phil.
This one, the first one.
So I'm going to click on it, copy the tag, and here I'm going to paste it inside here.
So we need to import it at a top, which is coming from, as you can see, we got the suggestion from
the GitHub copilot.
So as you can see, as we code more, we get better and better suggestion from GitHub copilot because.
They they understand our code of what this code is about.
And they're going to search the Internet and find a similar code that suggests for us.
So I'm going to get this suggestion, which is importing this file from the React Icons folder slash.
So at first you don't get too much good suggestion from GitHub compiler, but at the end of your code
you're going to get all the suggestions.
Very nice.
So let's style this as well.
So we're going to add just the text to be large.
Okay, So now we see the.
Icon.
On top of each other and the input is in the middle.
So we can style this one simply.
By styling this form actually.
So this form we can add a class name for it.
We can change the display to flex and bring them next to each other.
We can set the width to be full 100%.
We set a margin top of five and we can bring this one to the center using mix photo and we can just
set the maximum width of this.
Form to be.
Always 90% maximum.
This is for the mobile size.
We always get 5% to the lot left and right.
So.
Let's see what we have done here.
So still you can see it like this.
We can add some border to it.
And we set the border color to be gray.
200.
So now we have a border.
You can see that now the form.
And his resume, as you can see it better.
So you can see that we have a border, we have the input, we have that one as well.
So let's continue to for a styling.
So we're going to have some padding in the x axis of five and padding in the Y axis of three.
So let's.
So you can see we have some space around it.
And also we want to make it rounded.
So I'm going to check change the rounded to be full.
Like that.
So this is going to add around it here.
And when we hover over it, I want to have a shadow effect.
So I'm going to say shadow.
M.
D.
For example.
So one.
Now, when we hover over it, we should see a shadow on the red.
So this is going to happen when we hover over it.
And also, we want to have some transition.
On the shadow.
So now when we hover over it, we see a smooth change.
So now we have the icon here.
Let's make this input in fully sized theater.
So.
The input is not that nice.
So we're going to have some class name for the input.
I want to make it flex grow, which is going to help to get all the screen from the left to the right
like this.
And the next thing I want to do is to.
When we focus on it, when we click on ADD, I want to remove that outline, which is not very beautiful,
actually.
So I'm going to say outline now.
Okay, let's decrease the size.
And also for the form we have for the hover effect is shadow.
I want to have it when we focus on the inside the this form as well.
So when we focus within.
The first one.
We want to have a shadow effect as a shadow medium.
So now when we click on the form, we see the shadow as well.
As you can see, even we don't hover over it.
We see the shadow still.
So we have added the shadow.
Let's create it a little bit responsive.
So.
In the mobile size, we have 90%, but after the mobile size, we want to set the maximum width to be.
Ex large.
And the for the larger screen, we want to set the maximum width to be two x large.
So now this is for the x large.
So for the mobile, we have 90%.
And then after the mobile maximum, we have this one this size and for the larger screen we have a larger
input.
The other things I want to add is we have added the marching top.
Actually, this one, we made a mistake.
This is marching to MT five, which is going to add some space between the icon and the input.
So the next thing we want to do is I think we have finished with this part.
So let me check it real quick.
So we have finished with the form section.
Now we want to start creating the buttons at the here at the bottom.
So we add a button here.
We just add a button?
Now, first we added this, so we want to bring the button next to each other.
So I'm going to add a diff here and inside the diff we're going to have.
The first button, which is.
Google.
Search.
And then we're going to have another one.
So I'm going to copy this one.
And this is going to be I am feeling lucky.
So this is just make this one capitalize.
So.
Just chip.
So now we should see two icons next to each other.
So let's sell this one.
Let's bring them here so we can see the changes in real time.
So I'm going to close the left side using contra B.
So these buttons because they have this similar.
As styling, as you say, from the final version, they have the same hovering effect background color.
So we're going to create a custom tailored CSS class, which we can use for both of them.
So we can go to let's open the Explorer section using Contour shift E and we can go to 12 and 12 and
file.
Oh, sorry.
We we go to Globus at CSIS here, we can add our custom one, and I'm going to call this one.
So let's say I want to call this one bit and we just add that BTN and here we can just say apply.
So this is actually going to have to be inside.
So now we can just add the classes we need.
But this one is it needs to be inside something called layers.
So I'm going to say layer components.
Components.
And inside this one, we're going to have our bits.
So I'm going to bring this one at a top.
So button and the apply we want to add is background color.
The background color I want to use.
Is the.
This color.
You can just I've got it from the real Google.
So it's af8.
If nine.
If a.
So the simplest way to get the colors you want, for example, if you go to google.com, not this one.
The real Google.
If you go to Google.com, there is an extension called color picker for Chrome.
If you install this one.
And then you can just click on the pick and go to any position you want.
For example, this background color, if I click on it, it shows me.
Their colour saf9fa so you can simply.
For example, clone a website using this extension and get exactly the same color.
So now let's come back to our website.
I bring it here.
So if you want to add a custom color, you just need to add a bracket and add the color code of the
color inside here.
And we just say pkg to this color.
And now if we add this class to these two buttons, so I'm going to use to all the cursor using alt
and we just write down class name and we add that BTN class here.
We should see the background color now.
So we can see the background color is different.
Now let's continue aside in this BTN.
So the next one is I want to make this rounded medium.
We want to text to be a small.
With the color of gray.
800.
So when we hover over it, I want to have a ring, actually.
I want to have a ring of one.
And also when we hover over it, I want the ring to have a color of gray.
200.
When we focus on Ed, when we focus on it, I, I want to remove the outline.
So we just say outline none.
And when we active when we click on it, I want to have the ring to be gray 300.
So the other things are when we hover over it, I want to have a shadow effect.
Of the medium.
The reason you don't see it, we need to complete it.
And then you see the.
Otherwise you get an error always.
And also, let's set the width to be 36.
And hi's to be ten and we add some transition to the shadow effect.
So as we finish it, we shouldn't get an error.
So let's refresh the page.
So that is.
I think it's okay.
We need to save this long.
We are still getting an error to see.
It's an error.
So the error is.
The width 35 does not exist.
This one, I think at 35 we don't have 36.
Probably it's a correct one.
So now probably.
Yeah, Now we can see the button here.
They have the hover effect.
So we can close this global access.
And we come back to our website now.
I want them to be next to each other when we.
Now.
When we are in the mobile screen.
I want them to be on top of each other and in the small size and above, I want them to be on top of
each other.
So I'm going to have some classes here for this div that we have, so I'm going to make it slacks and
for the mobile size I want them to be on top of each other.
So I just add flex column.
So now we should see them on top of each other.
If you wait a little bit.
Let's refresh the page.
So now they're on top of each other.
So we need to have some space between them.
I just say space y too.
And in this small size and above, I want to remove that space.
Why?
Because it makes a problem with the sizing.
So we have it in the mobile size and the mobile size and above.
We don't have this is that one.
And in the mobile size and above.
Instead we have a space X.
Off for.
And finally, we have justify.
Center to bring them horizontally and vertically in the at the same position.
So I'm going to refresh the page.
Okay, Now we need to change actually the flex.
So in the SME and above, we want the flex direction to be rolled.
So there are next to.
All right.
So we see them like that.
So the only things we need to do is to just add some margin at a top of, for example, eight.
So we have some space between this button and these inputs.
So.
All right.
So we have completed these things.
Uh, let's decrease the size.
So.
Okay, They're looking okay.
When we have a smaller screen, they are on top of each other.
So when we have a bigger screen, they are next to each other.
The next thing we need to do, we want to add some functionality because now we cannot submit the form
or anything like that.
So we need to add some event listener to the form and to be able to submit the form.
So here inside the form, let me increase the size.
So we have added the class.
We can add an click and actually on submit event listener.
So on submission, when we press enter, we want to trigger a function called handle submit.
And we need to create this function here at a top.
So I'm going to create a function.
I call it handle submit.
And also we want to use that prevent default to prevent the default behavior of the form submission,
which is refreshing the page.
So now the we should get an error.
As you can see, we don't see anything because we have added the on submit.
Event listener.
We cannot use this component any more in the server side.
We need to change this on to client side.
So we need to add the client use client at the top.
So this one should be client side.
So let me refresh the page.
Now.
Let's see.
Now we don't have an error.
And also when we write something, a press enter.
This is going to submit the form, but it's not going to see anything because we haven't completed this
submission for.
So now.
We just say we have a some
first thing first.
We need to add some.
As states here.
So we just create a constant and we call it input.
And we use use a state react hook to create a piece of state called input.
Input is the this is the variable.
This is the function to change this variable.
And the initial value is an empty string.
We need to import the user state from React.
Now.
Or we need to change this one when we are changing the input.
So inside the input we want to have some something called an unchanged event listener.
So we're going to have an on change here which is going to track the changes inside this input.
So this is going to let me complete this one.
So this is going to get something called event.
So E and whatever it is, we want to set the inputs.
So any changes happened, you want to track and this E is e dot target dot value.
So we want to target the we want to get the value of the input.
And set it inside the input variable that we have created here.
And also we need to change the value to so we have a value here which is going to be that inputs.
So now.
If we change something here.
We we can see it inside that piece of the state that we have created here called input.
No, we can have a condition.
We just say if.
There is no input.
Just return.
So if it is empty or if there is a space.
So how we know that there is a space so we can just use a function called trim.
So I'm going to trim everything.
And if there is a space or something, we're not going to submit the form.
Otherwise.
We want to redirect the person to the page, a search page so we can use something called.
And react.
Sorry, the router from the next year so we could import.
A hole called use router.
Which is coming from next forward slash navigation.
Before we were getting the use router in next 12.
From next forward slash router, but in next 13 we get it from next navigation.
So we need to be careful about that.
And now we need to initialize this router.
We just say router is equal to use router and now here we can just use router that push and send the
person to the page.
We would like to be redirected.
So this page you want to redirect them is for slash search for slash web.
And here instead of query, I want to say search term and whatever input is we use for that.
So now let's test it.
So now what?
For example, if I write down hello and press enter, I'm going to be redirected to this page for slash
search for slash web.
A question mark.
Search term equals Hello.
Of course, this page is not existed yet, so we are getting an error page.
Could not be fine, but we're going to create this page later inside the inside the course.
So I'm going to first think first we have created this enter enter ability.
Whatever we enter, we submitted, but this button is still doesn't work.
So if I click this one, this is not going to read submit the form so we can just go back to our Visual
Studio code and we go to the first button.
Which is related to the.
Google search and here we can add on on click event listener.
Which is going to trigger the same function that we have created.
Handle.
Submit.
So when we click on this button, this is going to trigger this function.
Here dysfunction.
Okay, so let's try it again.
So we just say, for example, nice.
I click on Google Search.
This is going to be three have the same behavior as pressing enter.
All right.
You can add the same things for this icon or other anywhere in the page.
You can add on click and call that function.
That is fine.
The next thing we want to do is to work on this.
I'm feeling lucky button.
So when we click on it, we want to produce and get in a new vocabulary and we search that vocabulary
and redirect the person to that particular search term.
So we need to add an event listener to the button as well.
So this the first button we have added the handle submit.
The next one we want to do is just add some.
Uh, on click event listener here as well, which is going to trigger another function which called
which is called random search.
So we need to create this function at a top.
So here we're going to create another function.
As you can see, we are getting this suggestion.
So this is going to redirect the person to another place.
So first thing first, we need to request and get the random vote from an API.
So the API I want to use is called random.
At Random World API.
If you search random word API in the search result, you see a website with the URL, random word api
dot heroku app dot com.
And here you can see you can just all get all the words or you can get a single word by just adding
this URL, random word, dash API dot oracle dot com for slash word.
So if I copy this one, I paste it inside the browser.
We I get it.
Random word here.
You can see each time I refresh the page, I get a different word.
The reason I see it like this, I have an extension called, uh, I think JSON formatter.
You can install this extension which is helping you to see the JSON files.
Like the otherwise you see it like that.
If you see it like that, that is fine too.
So each time we refresh, you get different world.
So we're going to use this API.
I have already copied this one.
I'm going to come back here inside my this function.
Let me close this function.
So we're going to create create a constant called response.
And this is going to be equal to a weight.
So our weight actually helps us to wait until the response comes from that API.
So I'm going to fetch the API from the address that we have copied, which is the HTTP forward slash.
Add random load API for slash war.
Let me make this one correctly.
Okay.
As we are using a weight, we need to change this function to be asynchronous.
So I'm going to change this function.
So we're going to await for this one.
And after that we're going to win the response column.
So we just say then when the response calls, we want to convert the response.
Two JSON file.
So we just say raise.
Forward slash.
And sorry.
We create a function and which we get the response and convert it to JSON.
And also we want to.
Get it.
And then we just say that.
Then we get the data.
We get the data, we get the first one.
I'm sure they they send you one only, but in case of if they send you more than one, you can just
get the first inside the array.
That is fine.
So we got the data.
We want to say if there is no response, return, if, for example, if there is a mistake of.
If the Internet is broken.
So we want to return.
We don't want to submit or redirect the person.
Otherwise, we want to push the person to this URL.
Search for slash web search term.
That response.
Okay.
And so let's try this.
So now if we click on Unfeeling Luckey, we are going to be redirected.
So let's see.
Let's refresh the page now.
Let's try it again.
So we have we are redirected to this URL and the search term was jars.
If we try again, we should be get we should get another word.
As you can see, it's working.
But because we are waiting for a response and if the internet is speed is slow, we need to wait for
the response a little bit and then we are redirected.
So this is going to be a little bit uncomfortable for the users in this kind of situation.
Mostly developers add some loading effects, so I'm going to add some loading effect here.
So when we press the button, we see a loading, a spanner, and when the vocabulary came, the the
loading is going to be finished and we are redirected to the next page.
So I'm going to add some loading state of a piece of state here.
So I'm going to create a loading space.
So I'm just call it loading.
Or because this is a specific for this one, I'm going to say, let me delete this or I'm just say random
search loading.
And this is going to be.
So this is search.
Okay.
Random search floating.
And this is going to be false by default.
And when we call this function, we want to make this one.
We want to set the.
The random search loading to true when we call this function.
But when we got the response and finish it, we want to set the loading to be false like this.
We just set the random search loading to false.
Now we want to use this piece of state to control and add this spinner.
So instead of just saying I'm feeling lucky, only we want to add a condition here, so I'm going to
add a condition here.
So this is going to be like that.
So as you get this suggestion, this is similar things you want to create.
So random search.
If this random search loading is true.
So now we want to get something.
We want to get an image with this banner.
So we're going to create an image and the source will be an X banner.
So I'm going to create a spinner here.
So let's go to and we want to get the spinner.
I want to use an SVG spinner, so I'm going to use a search for loading IO, which is a website that
gives you free SVG loading effects.
So you need to go to loading dot IO and here.
We can just choose these kind of icons which are which are free, but the others are.
You need to pay for.
I'm going to choose the free one like this on.
So we need to set this some make it a specific for this one.
Uh, first thing first, I want to make it transparent.
And also, I want to change this truck to be five.
And let's change the color.
To be, for example, this color.
So now, when you are happy with your spinner, you can just click on the SVG and click on animate it
to download it.
So we click on the free download to download it.
We click on download and now we have the file.
We can just drag it to our file and bring it to the public folder next to the fabric SVG and then we
can just change the name of the file to be a spanner.
So we can close this one.
And here inside the CRC we can add this spanner that SVG.
So this one should be, I think should be forward slash.
Now that is okay because it's inside the public folder.
You just need to write down.
And a spinner.
Dot SVG and the alternative text can be loading dot, dot, dot.
Okay.
And then we can just install this one a little bit.
I'm going to add a class name, set a height to be six, and I want to bring it to the center using
text center.
So now if we check our website, let's make a condition, finish the condition.
So after this, if the random search loading is false, we want to have this text here.
I'm feeling like I'm just going to bring it here inside.
Are we getting the suggestion here to.
So the first one.
So let's see.
What's the error?
Oh, we didn't close this here.
Okay.
I think this is shouldn't be.
So when we have a random search loading through, we have the image.
Otherwise we have I'm feeling lucky.
So let's make this fun.
I'm feeling like, okay, now if we check our website.
When we click on I'm Feeling lucky.
We should see this banner.
And we get redirected to this page.
But as you can see, we see this banner in the beginning of the button, so we can fix this one by adding
some styling here.
So the style we have.
So we have added the text center here, which is going to help to bring it to the center.
And the button.
Should have some extra classes as well.
Beside the BTN, we can use the flex.
And items center to bring everything to the center and Justify Condon Center.
So this one brings the everything to the center horizontally and vertically.
And.
Let's see that it came to the center.
Okay, now it's in the center.
But another problem is when we click, we can click it again.
So this is going to make a problem.
So we want to disable the button when the loading effect is true.
So we can add some condition here.
We just say disable the button.
When the.
Random search loading is true.
And then we want to install the button for the disable as well.
We just say if the this is disabled.
Just add the opacity to be, for example, 80%.
So this is going to decrease the color of the button.
So let me zoom this one.
You can see it better.
So when we click on ADD.
They see the spinner and this is disabled and we are redirected to the different page.
I think that's it for creating the body section.
Let's add this one to GitHub so we can review what we have done.
I'm going to stop this server using Contour C.
Now all.
We didn't need it.
Actually, I want it.
You can use a source controller using contour shift G.
Okay, So we can click here on this icon to add everything to GitHub and we can create a.
Message saying ad body section.
So we can just click here and click on Commit and push to push everything to get up.
So let's go back to our GitHub and really refresh the page.
We should see now five commands, which is the the last one is at body section.
Let's review what we have done here As we have used a page, an image from Wikipedia, we have added
the domain inside.
The next conflict is this is the rule of next.
Yes.
So we need to add any foreign and external URL.
Inside this section we have added and a spinner inside the public folder.
So we just got it from this website loading that I Oh.
And inside the glow was that CSS.
We have added a custom Tilman CSS class, which is called BTN.
So we have used this BTN in two buttons, so simply.
Inside the page that is X.
We have added an image for the Google using the image component of next year.
And also we have added another component called Home Search because this home search is client side.
We have made it separately in a different component so this page can stay to be set aside.
So we have created a component called Home Search dot Gsx, which is client side, as I mentioned.
And we have imported user stage used router and some couple of icons from React icons.
We have initialized router here.
And we have created a piece of state called input to track the changes inside the input, the search
input.
And also we have created another piece of state for tracking the loading effect inside the button.
I'm feeling lucky.
We have created a function called Handle Submit, which is going to firstly prevent the default behavior
of submission, which is refreshing the page.
Then if the input exists, we are going to push the person or redirect the user to this URL search for
a web search term which we are getting from the input.
We have also created another function which is in synchronous for creating the random word.
We get the random word from this API URL.
And we redirect the person to this URL.
And also we have set the loading effect through at the before the phishing and after the phishing,
we set it to be false.
And finally, in the return, we have created a form which is going to resubmit and trigger this function
and will submit.
We have added an icon here, an input which is going to track the changes inside the input using an
unchanged event listener.
And we have added another icon for the microphone.
And finally, at the end, we have added two buttons.
First, which is going to submit the the form using this button Google search.
And we have another button for I'm Feeling Lucky button, which is disabled when the random search loading
is true.
Also, we have added another click event listener which is calling another function random search.
And we have added a condition here.
We just said if the random random search loading is true, we want to show this image.
Otherwise, we want to see this text.
I'm feeling lucky.
So that was it for creating the.
Our.
Body section.
In the next section, we're going to work on the footer of our project.
If you look at the final version, we see the footer at the bottom.
It is always at the bottom in any any zoom level.
It's always in the bottom.
So I'm going to show you how to create a footer that always stay at the bottom, bottom of your page
no matter what.
And also, as you can see, this footer is common between the whole page and also for the.
Page related to the results.
So we're going to add this footer to the layout of the home page, which is going to be common in all
pages.
So I'm going to show you how to use the layout feature of next JHS 13 to have such a system that, for
example, this footer always stays there.
And also the other things you see that we see the country that I'm here now.
Now under travel in Vietnam.
So you see the Vietnam country.
So I'm going to show you how to use an API.
To get the country of the user that is using your website.
I show their country here.
So if you refresh the page, you see first we have the United States.
But when the fishing is done, we get the country of the person.
So see in the next section for the footer part of the project.